site/content/work/lookbook.md, before:

---
title: lookbook
subtitle: A mobile commerce experience elegantly placed in eye-catching, interactive brand context that helps product showcase and drives user engagement. 
code: lookbook
type: work
timeline: April 2016 - August 2016
tags: ["mcommerce", "mobile", "design"]
images:
  background: lookbook/lookbook-background.png
  device: device-Samsung-Galaxy-S8.png
  showcase: 
    - lookbook/lookbook.gif
overview: Windowplay packs a powerful brand punch. Give your vertical, horizontal, or square video assets the added bonus of complementary brand imagery and CTA overlay. The surrounding brand imagery is revealed bit by bit as customers scroll the page, creating the simulation of an image "behind" the page. This eye-catching effect increases engagement with advertising campaign, making sure the brand leaves a lasting impression.
team: ux researcher <br> ux designers <br> engineers <br> product manager <br> a/b testing analyst
role: design lead
weight: 4
draft: false
---

## storyboard

Advocate for users in a fast-paced environment, imparting day-to-day design leadership that fosters a shared understanding of the user-centric intersection between design, content, business and engineering.

Lookbook is a result from the [mCommerce Research](/work/mobile-commerce-research/)

<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/lookbook-storyboard.jpg"></div>

## userflow and wireframe 

The role will help to shape teams and the way we work. We’re looking for design managers who are excited to localize our product for the Chinese audience, build new products for the market and help Chinese travelers explore the world through our local experiences, personable hosts, and unique accommodations. 

<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/userflow.jpg"></div>
<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/wireframe.png"></div>


## mTurk

That email thread about this research


## a/b test

- Idea 1: Format is coming into view, hotspots are already on there, pulsating. Hotspots continue to pulsate as user continues to scroll.
- Idea 2: Format is coming into vivew, but there are no hotspots. As user continutes to scroll, the hotspots are intruduced and pulsating.

<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/ab-test.jpg"></div>


## versatility

<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/versatility.jpg"></div>

## future iteration

We also designed two concepts for future iteration. 

<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/slider.jpg"></div>
<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/payment.jpg"></div>

Commit message:

working on better related page logic

site/content/work/lookbook.md, after:

---
title: lookbook
subtitle: A mobile commerce experience elegantly placed in eye-catching, interactive brand context that helps product showcase and drives user engagement. 
code: lookbook
type: work
timeline: April 2016 - August 2016
tags: ["mcommerce", "mobile", "design"]
images:
  background: lookbook/lookbook-background.png
  device: device-Samsung-Galaxy-S8.png
  showcase: 
    - lookbook/lookbook.gif
overview: A concept that came out of primary consumer design research on how people discover and purchase brands/products, Lookbook presents a group of products in their natural setting (a room of furniture, a model wearing clothing items, etc.), and allows individual items to be clicked to explore more within the format.
team: business opration <br> ux researcher <br> ux designers <br> engineers <br> a/b testing analyst
role: product lead
related: work/windowplay.md
weight: 4
draft: false
---

## challenge

Many brands have aspirational images of their products being used for their catalogs or websites. How might we leverage these assets to create a "shoppable" experience?

## storyboard

Advocate for users in a fast-paced environment, imparting day-to-day design leadership that fosters a shared understanding of the user-centric intersection between design, content, business and engineering.

Lookbook is a result from the [mCommerce Research](/work/mobile-commerce-research/)

<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/lookbook-storyboard.jpg"></div>

## userflow and wireframe 

The role will help to shape teams and the way we work. We’re looking for design managers who are excited to localize our product for the Chinese audience, build new products for the market and help Chinese travelers explore the world through our local experiences, personable hosts, and unique accommodations. 

<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/userflow.jpg"></div>
<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/wireframe.png"></div>


## mTurk

That email thread about this research


## a/b test

- Idea 1: Format is coming into view, hotspots are already on there, pulsating. Hotspots continue to pulsate as user continues to scroll.
- Idea 2: Format is coming into vivew, but there are no hotspots. As user continutes to scroll, the hotspots are intruduced and pulsating.

<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/ab-test.jpg"></div>


## versatility

<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/versatility.jpg"></div>

## future iteration

Since we designed initial Lookbook concepts, there has been validation of this type of experience with [Instagram shoppable ads](http://www.adweek.com/digital/retailers-can-now-make-instagram-posts-much-more-shoppable/) and [Pinterest](https://blog.pinterest.com/en/search-outside-box-new-pinterest-visual-discovery-tools), so it is worth developing further iterations that is distinct in Yieldmo's design language.

We also designed two concepts for future iteration. 

<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/slider.jpg"></div>
<div><img src="/_images/work/lookbook/payment.jpg"></div>
